[19.0][MIG] project_task_default_stage (#1656)
OCA/project: project_task_default_stage/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

This module restores the `case_default` fields to Project Tasks and

> project stage tab, removed in Odoo 9.0 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds `case_default` fields to Project Tasks and
project stage tab.
```
